---
title: Aboutme
date: 2022-08-02 12:30:00 -400
categories: [homelab, hardware, aboutme]
tags: [servers, hardware, network, nutanix, author]
---

# About Me
I'm originally from Queens, NY and have been living in DMV area since graduating from Loyola College/University MD. I got my love of electronics, computers and science in general from my Dad. He got me started at an early age hooked on his own Amateur radio (HAM) hobby. Soldering breadboards, fixing failed power supplies, etc. My inquisitive nature of figuring out how it works immediately made me feel right at home.

I've been in the IT field for 20+ years and have done a little bit of everything...End User Computing Desktops/VDI, Servers, Virtualization, Storage, Backup, Telephony, Networks, Data Center architecture, and most recently System Engineer. Everything from VAX dumb terminals to the latest bleeding edge I've worked it. You have to find the irony and chuckle that my career started and has come full circle from the orignal green screen terminal to thin client modern equivelant. Hey at least there are more then 2 colors.

I never thought I'd end up in a semi sales technical role but here I am. I spent the last 15+ years working for CyberCore Technologies in Elkridge, MD on various contracts. After eight years in the same contract and frustration that my customer would not make the next evolution in Data Center modernization to adopt webscale technology, I received a call from my former Netbackup Sales Rep. Scott Reefe called me about a new job opportunity with Nutanix. Let me be clear I wasn't even looking for a new job; last time I updated my resume was 5 years prior to help with contract recompete. Yes, yes I know I should always have my resume updated...I'm having flashbacks of lectures on various smart things to do from my parents... like always keeping some cash in my wallet in case I get mugged on the way home so I'm out $20-40 bucks instead of being dead. Come on...who carries cash anymore? Besides I no longer live in NY. 

Anyway, Scott was looking for someone to fill an onsite Resident Engineer supporting Nutanix post-sales support. I never worked directly for a vendor before how bad can it be? Again the irony was I saw another org within my customer buying lots of Nutanix gear and was told I'm not allowed to touch it. I immediately saw the advantage of HCI and software defined everything and wanted to do the same. I spent the last 5 years refreshing and modernizing every part of their data center but they did not want to take the next leap. Stuck on old 3-tier architecture...I've spent years making it work, but its not flexible enough and there are bottlenecks and single points of failure everywhere no matter how much you mitigate and plan. It's old silos, how can you embrace DEVOPS and new when you are stuck in the past? Short answer is you can't fully. Sure you can bolt on new and adopt but they never fully integrate and be as flexible. After interviewing and two weeks of critckets and seemed to be ghosted... I finally receive an offer letter. Weirdest interview process I've ever experienced. My offer letter was signed by every executive from CEO down to all the VPs; after so many years with CyberCore I showed the offer to my PM and she said there's no way we can meet/exceed the offer. I gave my two weeks notice and started on my Nutanix career path 3 1/2 years ago. A year afer completing the Resident position an opening to help the Account Executives as a Systems Engineer became available. I never saw myself as a sales person, but I'm still supporting the company's products might as well get a portion of the commission, right?

I'm hoping to share some of my work and personal experiences with others that want to learn about corporate enterprise IT, maybe for fun or their own careers.
I've had the makings of a homelab for years ever since building my first whitebox server/workstation to connecting my apartment to my parents home via VPN tunnels.
After joining CyberCore I realized I needed more training and hands on experience. The biggest advantage you can have to make yourself more marketable is to take whatever training is available. It doesn't matter if its in your "wheel house" or not, take the Nike mentality...Just Do It!! Don't paint yourself into one corner or another being just "the Network person", Storage, Citrix, Windows, Linux, Database...whatever

Trust me you will be better off in the long run to be a swiss army knive in a world full of sporks
